README.md, before:

# Duke project template

This is a project template for a greenfield Java project. It's named after the Java mascot _Duke_. Given below are instructions on how to use it.

## Setting up in Intellij

Prerequisites: JDK 11, update Intellij to the most recent version.

1. Open Intellij (if you are not in the welcome screen, click `File` > `Close Project` to close the existing project dialog first)
1. Set up the correct JDK version, as follows:
   1. Click `Configure` > `Structure for New Projects` and then `Project Settings` > `Project` > `Project SDK`
   1. If JDK 11 is listed in the drop down, select it. If it is not, click `New...` and select the directory where you installed JDK 11
   1. Click `OK`
1. Import the project into Intellij as follows:
   1. Click `Open or Import`.
   1. Select the project directory, and click `OK`
   1. If there are any further prompts, accept the defaults.
1. After the importing is complete, locate the `src/main/java/Duke.java` file, right-click it, and choose `Run Duke.main()`. If the setup is correct, you should see something like the below:
   ```
   Hello from
    ____        _        
   |  _ \ _   _| | _____ 
   | | | | | | | |/ / _ \
   | |_| | |_| |   <  __/
   |____/ \__,_|_|\_\___|
   ```

Commit message:

Update readme to reflect new IntelliJ version

README.md, after:

# Duke project template

This is a project template for a greenfield Java project. It's named after the Java mascot _Duke_. Given below are instructions on how to use it.

## Setting up in Intellij

Prerequisites: JDK 11, update IntelliJ to the most recent version.

### On IntelliJ version 2020.3.1 (latest) and beyond

1. Open IntelliJ (if you are not in the welcome screen, click `File` > `Close Project` to close the existing project first)
1. Import the project into IntelliJ as follows:
   1. CLick `Open`
   1. Select the project directory, and click `OK`
   1. 1. If there are any further prompts, accept the defaults.
1. Configure the project to use **JDK 11** (not other versions) as explained in [here](https://www.jetbrains.com/help/idea/sdk.html#set-up-jdk).
1. After that, locate the `src/main/java/Duke.java` file, right-click it, and choose `Run Duke.main()`. If the setup is correct, you should see something like the output below.

   ```
   Hello from
    ____        _        
   |  _ \ _   _| | _____ 
   | | | | | | | |/ / _ \
   | |_| | |_| |   <  __/
   |____/ \__,_|_|\_\___|
   ```
